Add `enable_host_encryption` to AKS node pool resources (#10398)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster_node_pool.html.markdown

* `enable_auto_scaling` - (Optional) Whether to enable [auto-scaler](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-autoscaler). Defaults to `false`.

> * `enable_host_encryption` - (Optional) Whether to enable host encryption or not. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: could we make this:

```suggestion
* `enable_host_encryption` - (Optional) Should the nodes in this Node Pool have host encryption enabled? Defaults to `false`.
```
